Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ The words I have to say
♪ May well be simple
but they're true
♪ Until you give your love
♪ There's nothing
more that we can do
♪ Love is the opening door
♪ Love is what we came here for
♪ No one could offer you more
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen?
♪ You say it's very hard
♪ To leave behind
the life we knew
♪ But there's no other way
♪ And now it's really up to you
♪ Love is the key we must turn
♪ Truth is the
flame we must burn
♪ Freedom the
lesson we must learn
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen? ♪
(MUSIC STOPS)
(HANDBRAKE CREAKS)
(GEAR SHIFTS)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
- Hello!
Mrs. Marlowe. yes?
Harper. yes.
Wonderful. Geoffrey.
Hi. (CHUCKLES)
- Do come in.
- Thank you.
Was it a hellish drive?
- No. no. no. Not at all.
- Oh. good.
The M4 can be beastly.
"M4. dreadful
chore." (CHUCKLES)
That's what we used to say.
Well. it's a beautiful house.
Yes. nearly 500 years
old in parts. Hmm?
What a thought. eh?
Shakespeare.
(TUTS)
Or pre.
Uh. look. you must have bags.
Sorry? (CHUCKLES)
Oh. you must have
bags. Boot of the car?
Why don't I bring them in?
(STUTTERS) I can help.
Oh. no. no. no. No.
no. absolutely not. No.
You. uh. make
yourself comfortable.
The kettle's boiled.
Kitchen just through there.
Uh. tea in the cupboard.
milk in the fridge.
Just where you'd expect
to find them. (CHUCKLES)
Great. (CHUCKLES)
Won't be a jiffy.
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SWITCH CLICKS)
(DOOR OPENS)
Shit.
Can I help?
Erm. no. no. No.
no. No problem.
(GEOFFREY PANTING)
Gosh. broken a
sweat. (CHUCKLES)
Started to wish I'd let
you help. (CHUCKLES)
Still. I expect you need it all.
It's two weeks you've
got the place. isn't it?
Yeah. That's right. yeah.
Oh. you found the
tea. Jolly good.
Apple from the garden?
Yeah. it was delicious.
Scrumping. eh? No. no. no. no.
Mustn't do that.
Forbidden fruit.
Oh. Uh...
God. sorry. I... I...
I'm joking. (CHUCKLES)
Oh.
Have as many as you
like. Make chutney.
They only fall to
the ground and spoil.
Next thing you know. the
place is full of wasps.
- Shall I show you round?
- Yeah.
Uh. and let's start
with the ground floor.
Drawing room.
Oh. now. not the best
reception on the telly.
Little bit patchy
when it's raining.
Don't know why.
Fireplace is good to go.
Oh. and if you run out of wood.
there's stacks more in the shed.
Moving in to the piano room.
(PLAYS NOTES)
Do you play the piano?
Uh. no.
Oh. Me neither.
Now let me show you
the dining room.
Good for a slap-up Sunday roast.
Uh. the cloak room. Coats.
brollies. wellies.
blah. blah. blah.
But. obviously. try not to
walk mud through the house.
Upstairs.
Up the wibbly-wobbly way.
Little uneven but
hold your nerve.
(HUMMING)
Clean towels. plenty of soap.
And. uh. good big tub for
soaking after a long walk.
Ah. only thing...
Sorry. have to say it.
Uh. ladies. do watch
what you flush.
Right. Yeah.
Septic tank. you
see. Can't cope.
Well. let's say no
more. (CHUCKLES)
Finally. ta-da.
The master bedroom.
Wow.
Yeah. wonderful view. isn't it?
See the church spire
over the trees?
That's the village.
A stone's throw.
Jolly nice pub if
you're interested.
10-minute walk there.
30-minute walk
back. (CHUCKLES)
GEOFFREY: Mm.
Clean sheets and so forth.
And. uh. will it just
be you staying or...
Yeah. it's just me.
Where's hubby?
Excuse me?
"Mrs. Marlowe." no?
Yeah. uh. no.
No. it isn't. I
haven't changed it yet.
the "Mrs."
Or the surname.
Oh. Oh.
Well done. Geoffrey.
(CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY)
Oh. no. Please. it's fine.
Wi-Fi password. and
all that mumbo jumbo
is in the welcome
pack on the piano.
Now. key. Key to the castle.
(CHUCKLES) Just the one.
Don't worry if you
lose it. To be honest.
you don't need to lock
your doors 'round here.
Well. thanks again.
The... The place is lovely.
It's exactly what I hoped for.
Ah. Well. I'll
leave you to it.
Oh. if you need me.
you've got my number.
And I live just down the lane.
The cottage with a
"beware of the dog" sign.
And even though the
old girl's been dead
these past five years.
and never said boo
to a goose. (LAUGHS)
Well. thanks again.
- Bye-bye!
- (SOFTLY) Bye.
I think I might
have splashed out
just a little bit too much.
WOMAN: (AMERICAN ACCENT)
No. it's gorgeous.
Yes. yes. yes. It is. It
is the dream country house.
Can you give me the tour?
I want to see all of it.
Uh. yeah. can I do it later?
I just finished the tour
with the owner. Geoffrey.
He was quite a character.
Go on.
(SIGHS) He was a very.
very. specific type.
Very. very country.
(IMITATES BRITISH ACCENT)
And will you be joining him
grouse shooting tomorrow?
That's perfect.
He asked about James. actually.
What do you mean. he
asked about James? How?
(SIGHS) I booked it
under Mrs. Marlowe.
Just... strange
that I did that.
Automatic. I guess.
So. what did you tell him?
I didn't tell him anything.
I implied I was divorced.
(SOFTLY) Yeah.
- Harper...
- Stop. I know what you're gonna say.
I mean. I don't know. but...
(INHALES DEEPLY) Look.
this kind of thing
is gonna happen again and again.
In one way. it's gonna
happen my whole life. so.
I'm just gonna have
to get used to it.
Okay.
But you didn't know
what I was gonna say.
I was gonna say.
did you know that elephants
are the only animal
that can't jump?
(CHUCKLES)
Just an interesting fact that
I need to share with you.
That is very interesting.
Yeah. and it's...
(STATIC)
elephant dressage events
never really took off.
Sorry. Lame.
No. no. No. No. no. sorry.
just the signal cut out.
Fucking typical. I
was being hilarious.
(HARPER CHUCKLES)
- Um...
- So. yeah. I'll...
- I'll see you later.
- Yeah. yeah. You bet.
- All right. Love you.
- Bye. love you.
- Bye.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(RAIN PATTERING)
MAN: You're not divorcing me.
You're divorcing how...
how I've been for...
for the past year.
I get that. but
once... once I've...
James.
We... We made
promises. Harper.
In a church.
What promises did we make?
If I can know why
you married me.
then I can subtract what's
different about me now.
- James.
- Yes?
Please.
I'll kill myself.
No. you can't...
You can't say
something like that.
- You can't say that to me!
- I'm saying it.
I say it
because you will
have to live with it.
On your conscience.
No.
No. James! Just. please...
(LOUDLY) Stop saying
please. Harper!
Stop pleading! I am pleading!
I am!
Now. I am sorry you will
have to live with my death
on your conscience.
but it's the truth.
You can't give this to me.
It'll be as if you'd
killed me yourself.
You can't say this. You
can't do that. No. James.
No. it'll be as if
you killed yourself.
and would be fucking unbearable.
That is the last thing
I would ever. ever want.
This isn't... It's not.
It's not the last thing
because you wanna divorce me.
That's so...
- That's so fucking crazy!
- You wanna divorce me
more than you wanna
keep me alive!
HARPER: Can't you hear
what you're saying?
How is my life worth
so little to you?
Because I have a life. too!
I have a fucking life!
You are threatening me.
- I'm not threatening you.
- You are...
It's not a threat.
It's a warning.
You're fucking threatening me.
- and it's fucking horrible.
- It's a fact.
It tears me apart!
But when you threaten me
into not divorcing you.
that is exactly why we
have to get divorced.
And I am going to divorce
you. okay? I am. I am.
Because I can't live
like... (CRYING)
I can't live...
(BREATHES SHARPLY)
(SOBBING SOFTLY)
(INHALES DEEPLY)
(SNIFFLES)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(GRUNTING)
(ETHEREAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(ETHEREAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(RAIN PATTERING SOFTLY)
(ETHEREAL CHORAL
MUSIC PLAYING)
(THUNDER BOOMING)
(ETHEREAL CHORAL
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(THUNDER BOOMING)
(ETHEREAL CHORAL
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC FADES OFF)
(WATER DRIPPING)
Ahh!
(ECHOING)
(ECHO GROWING FAINTER)
(ECHO FADES OFF)
Ah. ah!
- (ECHOING)
- (CHUCKLES)
(ECHO FADES OFF)
(WATER CONTINUES DRIPPING)
(SINGS) ♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah ♪
(TUNE ECHOING)
(CHUCKLES)
(ECHOING CONTINUES)
(SINGS IN DIFFERENT
TUNE) ♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah ♪
(FIRST TUNE STILL ECHOING)
- (SECOND TUNE ECHOING)
- (LAUGHING)
(TUNES OVERLAPPING)
(SINGS IN NEW TUNE)
♪ Ah. ah. ah. ah ♪
(SECOND TUNE STILL ECHOING)
(THIRD TUNE ECHOING)
(SECOND AND THIRD
TUNES OVERLAPPING)
(SINGS) ♪ Ah! ♪
(THIRD AND FOURTH TUNES
OVERLAPPING AND HARMONIZING)
(ECHOES FADE OFF)
(EERIE MUSIC BUILDING UP)
(HOARSE SCREAM)
(SCREAM ECHOING)
(SCREAM ECHOING LOUDLY)
(ECHOING STOPS)
(EERIE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(HUFFS)
- (DISTANT SCREAM)
- (GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GASPS)
(PANTING)
(DISTANT SCREAM)
(DISTANT SCREAM ECHOING)
(ECHOING STOPS)
(GRUNTING)
- (TWIG SNAPS)
- Oh.
(CROW CAWING)
(TWIG SNAPS)
(PANTS)
(WIND WHISTLING)
(GRUNTS)
(WIND BLOWING)
(SIGHS)
(CAMERA CLICKS)
(EERIE OPERATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Fuck.
(EERIE OPERATIC
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC FADES OFF)
(GULLS SQUAWKING)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINISTER MUSIC CONTINUES)
(CELLPHONE BEEPS)
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(ELECTRIC TOOTHBRUSH BUZZING)
(PLAYS PIANO NOTES)
(PLAYS NOTE)
(PLAYING CHOPIN'S
"NOCTURNE OP. 9 NO. 2")
(CONTINUES PLAYING)
- (PLAYS WRONG NOTE)
- Fuck.
(STOPS PLAYING)
(SIGHS HEAVILY)
(KEYBOARD CLACKS)
Hey.
Yeah. good.
Um. I'm just going
through the figures
you just sent over.
The revisions. yeah.
I just wanted to double-check
a couple of things.
Yeah. uh. but. sorry. we
can't offer them that deal
if the figures are correct.
Our margins disappear.
Margins.
Yeah. (GRUNTS) Uh-huh.
Okay. Call the
suppliers and check.
Bye.
(CELLPHONE VIBRATING)
- Hey!
- RILEY: Hi.
I'm ready for that
tour your promised me.
Now?
Yeah. it's perfect timing.
- Who for?
- Come on. Harper!
Okay. Okay.
This place is pretty cool.
So. here's the garden.
Oh!
Conservatory.
Love it!
And...
the kitchen.
Red walls. that's bold.
- Very.
- Yeah. it works.
(GASPS) Shaker. ugh!
AGA!
- I know.
- (RILEY SIGHS)
And moving ever so gently
into the east wing.
You'll notice the
beautiful patina
on the flagstone floor
- Mm.
- Mm!
- Low oak beams.
- Of course.
And here we have a generously
proportioned living room.
- (RILEY CHUCKLES IN AWE)
- Open wood fire.
- Comfortable sofas.
- Uh!
And a baby grand.
- Wow!
- (LAUGHS)
- Do you play piano?
- I do. actually.
Love that wallpaper.
- Those windows!
- Ugh. sunlit aspect.
And look. check out
the view of the...
I'll call you back.
- What...
- (HANGS UP)
(UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING)
(PHONE KEYS TAPPING)
- (LINE RINGING)
- OPERATOR: 999.
which service do you require?
Police.
Please explain the
reason for calling.
There's an intruder in
my garden. Um. a man.
He isn't wearing any clothes.
and I think he might
be stalking me.
- Can you give me your address?
- (HARPER GASPS)
It's a village. Cotson.
Uh. C-O-T-S-O...
Herefordshire?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Does the house have any
distinguishing features?
Features? Um...
Uh. my. uh... My car.
My car's parked outside.
It's a blue Ford Fiesta.
Registration CK61 LZF.
Explain what's
happening. please.
(UNNERVING MUSIC CONTINUES)
Can you explain what's
happening. please?
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
A police car has
been dispatched.
Please stay on the line.
I am staying on the line.
Are you alone in the house?
(HARPER SHRIEKS)
- He's trying to get in.
- Police are on their way.
There's a car in your area.
It will be with you soon.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
I'm scaring you?
Yeah. you are.
You're scaring me.
How do you not understand that?
How do you make yourself
into the fucking victim?
- You scare me.
- James.
(STUTTERING) Look. I
don't want either of us
to be scared of the other.
Well. what... What. you're
saying I do want that?
No. I'm not saying that.
No. no. What does this say?
It says. "He's
really scaring me."
What've you said to
that bitch. Riley?
Nothing.
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
- Unlock it.
- No.
What are you trying
to hide from me?
It's my phone.
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS AND GASPS)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
FEMALE OFFICER: Okay.
let's get him up.
MALE OFFICER: Come
on then. my friend.
So you don't know who he is?
Well. he wasn't carrying
any ID. that's for sure.
Looks like he's
been sleeping rough.
I saw him yesterday.
Well... (SIGHS)
I know. I... I think...
I think he followed
me out of the woods.
Which woods?
Oh. God. I don't know the area.
I was on a walk.
Erm. it was the forest
just over the fields.
Mm. Cotson Woods.
the old railway line.
Yeah. that's probably
where he was sleeping.
Look. it must've been
very frightening.
I do understand.
But honestly.
I think he's harmless.
He didn't resist at all.
Seemed a bit confused.
bit of a nut. you know.
Right. yeah.
He stinks to high
heaven. though.
That man is definitely
in need of a wash.
I'm not looking forward to
driving him to the station.
Well. I'm just glad
you were nearby.
Me. too.
HARPER: Oh. no. They
came really quickly.
Which is bloody lucky
'cause I bet their response time
can be really slow out here.
RILEY: Will you
please let me come up?
No.
Harper. for fuck's sake.
Oh. for fuck's sake yourself.
I didn't come here
to be afraid. Riley.
What are you trying to prove?
This isn't about being weak.
Yeah. it isn't.
It was just some weirdo. okay?
And the police said
he wasn't dangerous.
and they've got him
now anyway. so...
End of story.
Look. it's a quiet.
pretty village
in beautiful
countryside. (CHUCKLING)
I'm gonna do a bit more work.
and then I'm gonna
have a wander around.
There's an old church nearby.
and. apparently. the
pub's nice. so...
(RILEY TUTS)
- Okay.
(LAUGHS)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(EERIE MUSIC BUILDING UP)
(EERIE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(EERIE MUSIC FADES OFF)
(OPERATIC LAMENT
MUSIC PLAYING)
What was that. James?
Your plan to win me back?
Harper...
- Get out.
- (JAMES SIGHS)
Get out.
I'm... I'm sorry. please.
Get out! Get out!
- Harper. I...
- Get out!
Get out!
I'm sorry!
No! You want to
fucking apologize?
After threatening
to kill yourself?
Don't bother. I
don't give a fuck!
It'll make no difference.
because whatever you
say. whatever you do.
you will never.
ever see me again.
Now get the fuck out!
(WAILING)
(OPERATIC LAMENT
MUSIC RESUMES)
(PANTING HEAVILY)
(SPOOKY MUSIC PLAYING)
(SOBBING SOFTLY)
(SOBBING)
(SNIFFLING)
Hello.
MAN: Who are you?
Uh...
I'm Harper.
Wanna play a game?
Hide and seek?
You hide. I'll seek.
I... I... I don't think I can.
You can't hide?
Go on.
I bet you're good at it.
And I'm good at seeking.
I'm just not in the mood
to play a game right now.
Sorry.
Samuel. Go home.
Leave the lady alone.
No. I want to play
a game with her.
She's told you perfectly clearly
she doesn't feel like it.
Perhaps she will later.
but not right now.
Why don't you fuck off?
You first.
SAMUEL: Stupid bitch.
VICAR: I do apologize.
Samuel is a deeply troubled boy.
I live in London.
I'm used to kids swearing at me.
Not so used to them swearing
at vicars. but... (CHUCKLES)
Yes. but. um...
Just one thing. Do you mind?
No.
You're in pain. yes?
Sorry?
I noticed you just
now. in the church.
sitting in the pews.
And...
At first. I thought
you were praying.
but then I realized
you weren't praying.
You're tormented.
I didn't approach. but
of course. I should have.
So...
I am now.
Do you think I could help?
I don't know if I'm...
tormented. exactly. but...
But?
It feels more like...
Haunted?
Yeah.
Let's sit a while.
I'd had a row with my husband.
We were separating. and...
But this was...
This was by far the worst.
And something happened.
He hit me.
(VICAR SIGHS)
(STUTTERING) He'd
never done that before.
I... I... I screamed
at him. I was so angry.
I made him leave. threw him out.
locked the door.
Wouldn't let him back in.
Then. apparently.
what happened next
was he pushed his away
into the flat upstairs.
went to their balcony.
tried to climb down to ours.
but he...
he slipped. Or...
Or let himself go.
(SCOFFS SOFTLY)
I honestly don't know.
As he fell past.
I was looking out.
And he was looking in.
And it felt like we
could see each other.
Well...
Well. I'm not even sure
if that's possible.
Could he see me?
As he fell?
It happened so quickly.
but I think he did.
And that's what haunts me.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
I see.
If I may...
I think
you need to be understood.
And I do understand.
I can fully imagine it
must be dreadful for you.
And. inevitably.
you also feel an
awful sense of...
of guilt.
And that haunts you. too.
The seared snapshot image.
Why. yes. you carry it. You...
You see it when you
close your eyes. but...
Also. you ask
yourself repeatedly.
"What if?"
"If only."
Yeah. I do. Yeah.
(VICAR SNIFFLES)
It's the screaming.
(SCOFFS)
I think he wasn't screaming.
No. yours.
(UNEASY MUSIC PLAYING)
You must wonder why
you drove him to it?
What? I didn't
drive him to it.
Well.
after he struck you.
did you give him a
chance to apologize?
What? (SCOFFING)
Did... Did you?
No. I... I...
Men do strike women sometimes.
It's not nice. but it's
not a capital offense.
What?
You prefer things to
be comfortable or true?
Might it be true
that if you'd given him
the chance to apologize.
he'd still be alive?
Fuck off.
Aren't these the
questions you asked?
Fuck off!
(SIGHS)
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SUCKS TEETH)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(HARPER'S ECHOING
SONG PLAYING)
(ETHEREAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(HARPER'S ECHOING
SONG CONTINUES)
(ETHEREAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(HARPER'S ECHOING
SONG CONTINUES)
(HAUNTING OPERATIC
MUSIC PLAYING)
(OPERATIC AND ECHOING
SINGING HARMONIZING)
(MUSIC FADES OFF)
GEOFFREY: "P-O"...
"P-O" something. something.
"G." come on. Geoffrey.
fire up the engines.
Ah! Pomegranate.
Very good. (CHUCKLES)
Ah! Mrs... Ms...
Ms. Marlowe. (CHUCKLES)
Come to paint the
village red. eh?
I just want a drink.
Yeah. I know the feeling well.
What'll it be. Miss?
Um. vodka tonic.
- On its way.
- Oh. hey. let me get it.
- No. no. no.
- Absolutely not. My shout.
- I've got it.
I've got it. Oh. please.
Franklin. her
money's no good here.
Right you are.
It seems that you don't
have legal tender. (LAUGHS)
Thank you.
Just. um. chalk it up.
Settled in okay? No gremlins?
I saw you at the church
a little while ago.
You found the
stained glass window?
You know. at dawn.
the sun shines
straight through it.
It's... It's miraculous.
You'd be bathed in light.
Been for a walk yet?
The old railway line.
You can stand there and
imagine the steam trains
- as they...
- Oi to the oi.
- Pass through the woods.
- FRANKLIN: Hello. Jimmy.
Frank. Geoff.
- Pint?
- Of course.
Evening. ma'am.
I hope you're feeling okay now.
- Not too rattled.
- Mm. fine. Thanks.
You heard about that
business at your rental?
My rental? What business?
Yeah. Intruder
on the property.
Or on the grounds. anyway.
Well. surely not.
Some bloke. not a stitch
of clothing on him.
- (SCOFFS)
- GEOFFREY: Goodness me.
When the cat's
away. eh? (LAUGHS)
No.
Was a care of the
community type.
Starkers and bonkers. eh?
That's him. Sounds like
you know the guy. Geoff.
- Oh. stop it. (CHUCKLES)
- Did you find out who he is?
Oh. some gyppo. I dare say.
Maybe.
I'm so sorry. Ms. Marlowe.
No. it's not your
fault. Geoffrey.
No. it must've
been awful for you.
It was.
But they have him now. so...
Had him.
Had to release the
bugger about an hour ago.
What?
You released him?
Yeah. Yeah. had to let him go.
Why?
Not much to charge him
with. Miss. (CHUCKLES)
It's not like he stole anything.
Just one of your apples. Geoff.
(GASPS) Scrumping! Hang him!
Yeah. we gave him
a jacket and trousers
from lost property.
- Sent him packing.
- He was stalking me.
What makes you say that?
I saw him twice.
You saw him twice.
But I don't know if he
saw you once. It's...
It's not quite stalking. is it?
He followed me out of the woods.
then tried to break
into the house.
Well.
you see him again.
give us a shout.
You're leaving?
HARPER: Fucking wankers.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(DISTANT SCREAM)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING)
(LINE RINGING)
Come on. please pick up.
(SIGHS) Come on.
- Don't tell me there's more.
- There's more.
What the fuck?
I went for a walk.
I meet a boy in a churchyard
who tells me I'm a stupid bitch.
Then I meet Vicar who tells me
that I drove James
to kill himself.
Then I meet a
policeman who tells me
that they just released
the naked weirdo
who tried to break into
the house yesterday.
And...
I'm... I'm done. I'm done.
I'm just gonna get in
the car and go home.
Fuck this.
- Yeah.
- No.
Fuck this. Fuck this shit.
That house was the one thing
that you wanted for yourself.
What you chose as
a place to heal.
And now you have to give it up
because of some
motherfucking nut!
How long did you
say the drive was?
Three hours away?
Four.
I'm gonna do it in three.
And you and me. we're gonna
have a good fucking time.
- (CHUCKLING SOFTLY)
- We are.
We're gonna go on walks.
and we're gonna eat
roast dinners. (LAUGHING)
And ice cream.
and I'm gonna watch you
get pissed in the evenings.
and if that fucking
weirdo comes back.
I'm gonna take that ax
and chop his dick off.
and he can fucking choke on it.
What ax?
Behind you.
So. do we do it?
Just five minutes for me to
stick some shit in a bag.
and I'll rag it up the motorway.
Okay.
So. what's the address?
Uh. hang on a second.
(SIGHS) Okay.
Just a minute.
- Have you got a pen?
- Yes.
Okay. the village
is called Cotson.
And the postcode. uh...
The postcode is HL89 3XR.
The house is called
Cotson Manor.
(TUTS) Shit.
(SIGHS) Come on.
- Oh. hi.
- Hi. Hi.
- Did you get any of that?
- No.
Okay. the village
is called Cotson.
C-O-T-S-O-N.
And the postcode is HL89...
(EERIE MUSIC PLAYING)
(PHONE CHIMES)
Right.
(SIGHS DEEPLY)
(EERIE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
What is it? What's happened?
What are you doing here?
Has he come back?
Why aren't you replying?
(HARPER GASPS)
(WHISPERS) What the fuck?
(TWIG SNAPS)
(GASPS)
(EERIE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(RUNNING FOOTSTEPS
APPROACHING)
(SCREAMING)
(HARPER SHRIEKS)
Why are you...
(DOOR THUDS)
(YELLING) Why are
you doing this?
(HARPER BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SCURRYING)
(GASPS)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(MUFFLED THUD)
- (DOOR THUDS)
- (GASPS)
- (GASPING)
(WHIMPERING)
(GLASS SHARDS CRUNCHING)
(SCREAMS)
(PANTING)
(GLASS SHARDS
CONTINUE CRUNCHING)
- (DOOR RATTLING AND POUNDING)
- (GASPS)
I have a weapon!
- (DOOR CONTINUES RATTLING)
- I said I have a weapon!
If you come in here.
I'm going to use it!
(DOOR POUNDS)
Ms. Marlowe. what on earth
are you talking about?
Geoff...
What the hell is going on?
I heard screaming. and
then a window break.
There... There was someone.
Someone tried to break in.
Was it that bloody
man? Has he come back?
No. Don't!
Oh. God!
(GEOFFREY SIGHS)
(GEOFFREY TUTS)
Oh. you poor thing.
(GEOFFREY GRUNTING)
Oh. so sorry. old girl.
Oh. don't look Ms. Marlowe.
(NECK SNAPS)
(GROANS) Sorry about that.
The broken wing. you
see. Nothing to be done.
But I quite understand
why it gave you a fright.
But there was someone outside.
He tried to get in. tried
to kick the door in.
- Who?
- The policeman.
- What?
- I saw the policeman.
And another man.
I'm not making this up.
Ms. Marlowe. you don't
strike me as a liar.
I believe you.
After all. it's already
happened once today. no?
And. uh...
Well. as your landlord.
it now falls on me
to have a...
a good look around.
Clear all of this up.
No. Geoffrey. don't go outside.
GEOFFREY: No. nonsense.
Damsel in distress.
I'm just the fellow.
Geoffrey. don't!
"You have precisely
the qualities
"of a failed military man."
What?
Father told me that.
I was only seven
years old. (LAUGHS)
Time we showed him
what's what. eh?
(UNEASY MUSIC PLAYING)
Geoffrey?
That's better.
All clear here.
(UNEASY MUSIC CONTINUES)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Now. look here!
Whoever's out there.
I don't know what you think
you're playing at. but...
it's not gonna sit well with me.
Not one bit.
Do you hear?
Seems to me like
they might've gone.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(HAUNTING MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPING SOFTLY)
(INHALES DEEPLY)
(EXHALES UNEASILY)
(HAUNTING MUSIC CONTINUES)
(HAUNTING OPERATIC
MUSIC PLAYING)
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(HAUNTING OPERATIC
(IMPERCEPTIBLE)
(GASPING)
(HAUNTING MUSIC BUILDING UP)
(HAUNTING MUSIC FADES OFF)
(OBJECT CREAKING)
(CREAKING)
(UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING)
(CONTINUES CREAKING)
(STOPS CREAKING)
You really hurt me.
Look what you did.
Stay away from me.
What are you gonna do now?
Hurt me again?
Stab me again?
You're so mean.
You wouldn't even play
a game of hide and seek.
But I think you will now.
I will fucking cut you.
(SCOFFS)
I'll do it.
I don't think you will.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
But you probably should.
It'll be the last
chance you get.
(GASPS)
Good. so you're hiding.
I'll count to ten.
One.
two...
three...
(WHISPERING) four...
SAMUEL: You should be
finding somewhere to hide.
I know where you are.
Five.
six.
seven.
eight.
nine.
ten.
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(WHISPERS) Ready or
not. here I come.
(SPOOKY MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC WINDING DOWN)
(DOOR CREAKING)
(SIGHS)
"A shudder in the loins
"engenders there
"The broken wall.
"the burning roof and tower
"And Agamemnon
"dead."
What the fuck are you?
A swan.
When did you lose
your virginity?
What?
I'm asking you at what age
you lost your virginity.
I've been thinking about it.
I have pictured you.
Legs open.
Vagina open.
Mouth open.
I have decided that you
are an expert in carnality.
Someone who has explored
all the things that they can do.
and have done to them.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
These things now
exist in my mind.
This is your power.
This is the control
that you exert.
(SIGHS)
"I must be won. that cannot win.
"Yet lost were I not won.
"For beauty hath been
created to undo...
"or be undone."
(VICAR BREATHING HEAVILY)
You are singing to me.
Not as Ulysses but as sailor.
To dash me to pieces
on the rocks of this...
(HARPER GASPS)
These rocks.
This...
cave.
slit.
This... (SIGHS)
(VICAR MOANS)
What is this?
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Yes.
Exactly.
It's the tip of the blade.
(BREATH TREMBLING)
- (BREATHING HEAVILY)
- (HARPER WHIMPERING)
(HARPER GASPS)
(HARPER WHIMPERING)
(VICAR CONTINUES
BREATHING HEAVILY)
(VICAR WHEEZES)
(CONTINUES WHEEZING)
(HARPER'S ECHOING
SONG PLAYING)
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
(HARPER'S ECHOING
SONG CONTINUES)
(MUSIC AND HARPER'S
ECHOING SONG CONTINUE)
- (SHRIEKS)
- (GEOFFREY GRUNTS)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(BREATHLESSLY) Geoffrey.
No. no. no.
No. no.
(PANTS)
(GRUNTING AND GROANING)
(UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING)
(PANTING)
Ms. Marlowe?
(HARPER GASPING
AND WHIMPERING)
Mrs. Marlowe!
(HARPER CONTINUES WHIMPERING)
(PANTING)
(TIRES SQUEAL)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
- (YELLING)
- (ENGINE ROARING)
(TIRES SQUEALING)
(HARPER CRIES OUT)
(PANTING)
(HARPER WHIMPERS)
(HARPER SCREAMING)
(ENGINE RATTLING)
(SOBBING SOFTLY)
(CONTINUES SOBBING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING IN DISTANCE)
(SINISTER MUSIC BUILDING UP)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SINISTER MUSIC CONTINUES)
(GASPS)
(SILENT SCREAM)
(HAUNTING OPERATIC
MUSIC PLAYING)
(SQUELCHING)
(HAUNTING OPERATIC
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(WAILING)
(HAUNTING OPERATIC
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(EXHALES)
(HAUNTING OPERATIC
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC WINDS DOWN)
(GEOFFREY GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(SOBBING)
(JOINTS POPPING)
- (GEOFFREY GROANING)
- (SKIN STRETCHING)
(HAUNTING OPERATIC
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(BODY THUDS)
(PAINED BREATH)
(MUSIC FADES OFF)
Look at me. Harper.
So I died.
My arm was ripped through
by an iron railing.
My ankle snapped.
My internal organs. crushed.
This is what you did.
James...
What is it that
you want from me?
Your love.
(SCOFFS SOFTLY)
(SIGHS) Yeah.
(MELLOW MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ The words I have to say
♪ May well be simple.
but they're true
♪ Until you give your love
♪ There's nothing
more that we can do
♪ Love is the opening door
♪ Love is what we came here for
♪ No one could offer you more
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen?
♪ You say it's very hard
♪ To leave behind
the life we knew
♪ But there's no other way
♪ And now it's really up to you
♪ Love is the key we must turn
♪ Truth is the
flame we must burn
♪ Freedom the
lesson we must learn
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen?
(CHILDREN CHATTERING)
(CHILD SQUEALS)
(MUFFLED CHATTERING CONTINUES)
(MELLOW MUSIC CONTINUES)
♪ Love is the opening door
♪ Love is what we came here for
♪ No one could offer you more
♪ Do you know what I mean?
♪ Have your eyes really seen?
♪ Have your eyes really seen? ♪
(HAUNTING OPERATIC
MUSIC PLAYING)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today